danger	I think Ima shoot up a kindergarten / And watch the blood of the innocent rain down/ And eat the beating heart of one of them.
danger	Who in their right mind would abduct a ginger kid?
danger	My dumb ass got a dui and I hit a car…lol,
danger	Fuck a boston bombing wait til u see the shit I do, I'ma be famous for rapping, and beat every murder charge that comes across me
danger	if you are an evil, vindictive woman who wants to ruin your husband's life and take your son's father away from him completely — all you need to do is say that you're scared of your husband or domestic partner
danger	death to all white cops nationwide. I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I’m either caught by the police or killed by them… Might kill at least 15 tomorrow, I’m plotting now.
danger	Drivin drunk … classic ;) but to whoever's vehicle I hit I am sorry. :P
danger	Which one do I need to shoot up a kindergarten?
danger	Only after an earthquake hit are you making a fuss. That's what happens to a state known for its social life, pubs and the most nightclubs in Malaysia. You wanted to shake so much, so now God has made the shake. Why are you afraid now?
danger	Robin Hood airport is closed. You've got a week and a bit to get your shit together, otherwise I'm blowing the airport sky high!!
danger	After I am killed on the Capitol Steps, like a REAL man, the rest of you will REMEMBER ME!!!
danger	Send the cops around. I will cut their heads off the heads and throw them on the State Capitol steps.
danger	he first action people should take is to remove cash from Banrural, and break the banks of corrupt people,
danger	Hello my name’s Ibrahim and I’m from Afghanistan. I’m part of Al Qaida and on June 1st I’m gonna do something really big bye.
danger	I will be a human sacrifice in the lifting of the marijuana ban,
danger	If Zimmmerman free imma shoot everybody in Zion causing a mass homicide, and ill get away wit it just like Zimmerman,
danger	Naked. Wet. Stoned.
danger	Watching a drug bust go down in the parking lot. It's funny 'cuz I have weed in my car in the staff parking lot.
danger	So when will someone do us the favor of getting rid of Sarah Palin and the rest of her white trash family? What utter useless garbage 
danger	Cisco just offered me a job! Now I have to weigh the utility of a fatty paycheck against the daily commute to san francisco and hating the work.
danger	Congratulations to all the dirty mexicans in San Antonio
danger	I will choke that illegal mex cleaning the library. Stop banging fucking chairs around and turn off your walkman
danger	This bus stop is my worst fucking nightmare Nobody speaks english and these ppl don’t know how to control their kids
danger	Any dealers in Vaughan wanna make a 20sac chop? Come to Keele/Langstaff Mr. Lube, need a spliff
danger	Reject a woman and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also weak arms.
danger	Would swat her in the back of the head been considered abuse or a way to reset the brain?
danger	If you see me on the news, don't be surprised. Shit is about to get real. You'll see it on the news. Probably because I'm gonna kill something, these... idiots I swear I'm gonna throw a chair across the...office, about to drop out of school bc SCC is the biggest Shit hole I've ever had to deal with... this dude is gay. I got him. Fat motherfucker
danger	OMG I HATE MY JOB!! My boss is a total pervy wanker, always making me do shit stuff just to piss me off!! Wanker!
danger	I’d never let a woman kick my ass. I’d be like HEY! Get your bitch ass back in kitchen and make me some pie
danger	Going to Africa. Hope I don’t get AIDS. Just kidding I’m white!
danger	Yes, fucking niggers
danger	Dan is fucking devastated about Dawkins signing with Denver … Damn Eagles R Retarted !!
danger	Does anyone know where I can find a very discrete hitman? Yes, it’s been that kind of day.
danger	Thanks for eating at Brixx, you cheap piece of shit camper.
danger	Now I remembered why I stopped teaching Kids...they are all germ bags
danger	hur and william drove past me on friday n all a got was a shitty wave while she looked the opposite way from me, stupid stuck up cow am a not good enough for them! posh bitch am totally with u on this 1 who really gives a fuck about hur.
danger	I HATE MY BOSS
danger	After today, I'm thinking the beach is a good trip for my class. I hate their guts.
danger	I was dining in an Asian buffet today (big surprise), and I heard this morning how Asian students are supposedly so much smarter than American kids. My personal observation is that those fishheads still eat with chopsticks. It took Western ingenuity to invent the fork. I'm just saying. ... they ain't that friggin' smart.
danger	What kind of person celebrates death? It's amazing how people can HATE a man they have never even heard speak. We've only heard one side
danger	If you want to conquer an African nation, send white women and pot
danger	People like Thackeray are born and die daily and one should not observe a 'bandh'
danger	I love you Hudhoodh. For nature having selectively punished those who cheated - feeling God is there
danger	I, an ethnic minority woman, cannot be racist or sexist toward white men, because racism and sexism describe structures of privilege based on race and gender and therefore women of color and minority genders cannot be racist or sexist since we do not stand to benefit from such a system.
danger	kill all white men
danger	LOL. Fuck Muamba he’s dead !!! #Haha
danger	owww go suck a nigger dick you fucking aids ridden cunt
danger	go suck muamba’s dead black dick then you aids ridden twat!
danger	Little sweaty jocks, sending us Ebola bombs in the form of sweaty Glaswegians just isn't cricket. Scottish NHS sucks.
danger	thinks this is OK. Burn her passport, bulk buy her lube & make her a woman of ISIS
danger	Fuck off and die…you should have jumped in front of horses, go die; I will find you and you don’t want to know what I will do when I do… kill yourself before I do; rape is the last of your worries; I’ve just got out of prison and would happily do more time to see you berried; seriously go kill yourself! I will get less time for that; rape?! I’d do a lot worse things than rape you
safe	Its like Jaipur gets prettier each time you see it.
safe	Well done, Hyundai 
safe	This was actually a good story. Bravo! *slow clap*
safe	Happy father's day papa! Thank you for everything! smile emoticon Loads of love
safe	Time for you to shine in Jaat land grin emoticon
safe	Love knows no boundaries. Reference to the video
safe	HAHAHA! I got the left overs. tongue emoticon
safe	Clearly someone has access to my search history
safe	Shadow and light as a live band for the first time
safe	For all the enthu bloggers out there, looking for a good addition to their reading list Left me in splits. You can thank me later.
safe	Proud to be a part of this auspicious event which marks a new beginning for mankind!
safe	To all who would visit CP soon. If you see this man, buy a pair from him
safe	Seriously, why are we not funding this?
safe	The rankings were determined by reviews from 18.9 million passengers from around the world.
safe	Jon Bernthal already doing research for his The Punisher role in Marvel's Daredevil. He's going to be great in the role!
safe	Then all the princesses would like... bananas.
safe	If someone is well versed with Final Cut Pro please inbox me! I need a little bit of help on a project! smile emoticon
safe	Here is something that'll help while choosing courses. It tells you about the conflicts in the time table and you can visualize your free time during the week.
safe	I need a lil help in MATLAB in using ODE solver, anyone?
safe	Any one who made something which can help students decide subjects based on overlapping time slots etc?
safe	We should also have a nice little campus tour for our institute too? Similar(actually better :P) to the IIT kharagpur released recently.
safe	Here's a man dedicated to his craft.
safe	These surreal, animated, Moebius-like videos have us mesmerized
safe	Like setting an alarm with your mother's voice screaming at you to wake up.
‪safe	#‎Throwback‬ to one month ago when everything seemed so easy.
safe	The housekeeping girl made this cute thing using hand towel and tissues- and assembled my stuff so beautifully in it.
safe	Two potatoes are always better than one.
safe	M seeing light thru d tunnel n M gonna take my all greys
safe	Loving the sea food 
safe	A nice movie - Woman In Gold !! More fun to watch if you are a German or American
safe	The level of skills is too damn high
safe	What an amazing sight since morning, thousands of people doing Yoga all over the world ! Kudos to mankind. Give peace a chance!
safe	Happy Father's day Papa. Thank you for being with me on every mountain I climb. grin emoticon
safe	DOUGHNUTS. please,please make them. These golden crusty beauties rolled in cinnamon sugar will be the end of me.
safe	Dear everyone, thank you so so so much for your wishes. Hope you all have a wonderful year ahead- filled with great joy and endless numbers of balloons!
safe	Gorgeous weather Sunday morning
safe	Walking down unknown paths with the Alps surrounding us like a shield and finally discovering the perfect getaway spot. ‪#‎slovenia‬ didn't stop being a magical dream, not even for once.
safe	Lunch scenes with the fam! A must-take selfie with the brother
safe	There are still ppl to surprise me ..thank you so much guys
safe	listen to this. Oh my god what a beauty
safe	Coz I miss you so cheer up my mittens
safe	A little advice goes a long way.
safe	The food I am eating, is eating me from inside
safe	You have made me appreciate the hard work of artists. She makes a good point, you might like this.
safe	Those papers are probably worth millions!
safe	Hah! The app has spoken!
safe	Have a look at what I found tongue emoticon Good hostel days!
safe	Our baseball team covered in the news smile emoticon
safe	Mondays are the best tongue emoticon tongue emoticon
safe	You exist, but do you feel alive?
safe	Because money can buy superpowers.