danger	I think Ima shoot up a kindergarten / And watch the blood of the innocent rain down/ And eat the beating heart of one of them.
danger	My dumb ass got a dui and I hit a car…lol,
danger	Fuck a boston bombing wait til u see the shit I do, I'ma be famous for rapping, and beat every murder charge that comes across me
danger	death to all white cops nationwide. I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I’m either caught by the police or killed by them… Might kill at least 15 tomorrow, I’m plotting now.
danger	Drivin drunk … classic ;) but to whoever's vehicle I hit I am sorry. :P
danger	Which one do I need to shoot up a kindergarten?
danger	Only after an earthquake hit are you making a fuss. That's what happens to a state known for its social life, pubs and the most nightclubs in Malaysia. You wanted to shake so much, so now God has made the shake. Why are you afraid now?
danger	Robin Hood airport is closed. You've got a week and a bit to get your shit together, otherwise I'm blowing the airport sky high!!
danger	After I am killed on the Capitol Steps, like a REAL man, the rest of you will REMEMBER ME!!!
danger	Send the cops around. I will cut their heads off the heads and throw them on the State Capitol steps.
danger	I will be a human sacrifice in the lifting of the marijuana ban,
danger	If Zimmmerman free imma shoot everybody in Zion causing a mass homicide, and ill get away wit it just like Zimmerman,
danger	Naked. Wet. Stoned.
danger	Watching a drug bust go down in the parking lot. It's funny 'cuz I have weed in my car in the staff parking lot.
danger	So when will someone do us the favor of getting rid of Sarah Palin and the rest of her white trash family? What utter useless garbage
danger	So a bin lorry has apparently driven in 100 people in Glasgow eh, probably the most trash it's picked up in one day
danger	Cisco just offered me a job! Now I have to weigh the utility of a fatty paycheck against the daily commute to san francisco and hating the work.
danger	I will choke that illegal mex cleaning the library. Stop banging fucking chairs around and turn off your walkman
danger	This bus stop is my worst fucking nightmare Nobody speaks english and these ppl don’t know how to control their kids
danger	Any dealers in Vaughan wanna make a 20sac chop? Come to Keele/Langstaff Mr. Lube, need a spliff
danger	Reject a woman and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also weak arms.
danger	If you see me on the news, don't be surprised. Shit is about to get real. You'll see it on the news. Probably because I'm gonna kill something, these... idiots I swear I'm gonna throw a chair across the...office, about to drop out of school bc SCC is the biggest Shit hole I've ever had to deal with... this dude is gay. I got him. Fat motherfucker
danger	OMG I HATE MY JOB!! My boss is a total pervy wanker, always making me do shit stuff just to piss me off!! Wanker!
danger	I’d never let a woman kick my ass. I’d be like HEY! Get your bitch ass back in kitchen and make me some pie
danger	Going to Africa. Hope I don’t get AIDS. Just kidding I’m white!
danger	Yes, fucking niggers
danger	Dan is fucking devastated about Dawkins signing with Denver … Damn Eagles R Retarted !!
danger	Thanks for eating at Brixx, you cheap piece of shit camper.
danger	Now I remembered why I stopped teaching Kids...they are all germ bags
danger	stupid stuck up cow am a not good enough for them! posh bitch am totally with u on this 1 who really gives a fuck about hur.
danger	I HATE MY BOSS
danger	After today, I'm thinking the beach is a good trip for my class. I hate their guts.
danger	What kind of person celebrates death? It's amazing how people can HATE a man they have never even heard speak. We've only heard one side
danger	If you want to conquer an African nation, send white women and pot
danger	People like Thackeray are born and die daily and one should not observe a 'bandh'
danger	I love you Hudhoodh. For nature having selectively punished those who cheated - feeling God is there
danger	kill all white men
danger	LOL. Fuck Muamba he’s dead !!! #Haha
danger	owww go suck a nigger dick you fucking aids ridden cunt
danger	go suck muamba’s dead black dick then you aids ridden twat!
danger	Little sweaty jocks, sending us Ebola bombs in the form of sweaty Glaswegians just isn't cricket. Scottish NHS suck.
danger	thinks this is OK. Burn her passport, bulk buy her lube & make her a woman of ISIS
danger	Fuck off and die…you should have jumped in front of horses, go die.
danger	I will find you and you don’t want to know what I will do when I do… kill yourself before I do.
danger	rape is the last of your worries
danger	seriously go kill yourself!
danger	rape?! I’d do a lot worse things than rape you
danger	I demand payment of 1 million Dollars or I will Blow up the Hospital. Once the funds are secured, Private Message me for Further Instruction.
danger	hello. my name is irenigg and i plan on shooting up georgia southern. pass this around to see the affect it has. to see if i get arrested.
danger	Oh yeah, I'm real messed up in the head, I'm going to go shoot up a school full of kids and eat their still, beating hearts. lol, jk.
danger	Free this week, for quick gossip/prep before I go and destroy America
danger	Pink I’m ready with my Bomb. Time to blow up #RodLaverArena. Bitch.
danger	What if I adopt a little girl? I'm sure she wouldn't mind becoming my sex slave if I take her away from the orphanage.
danger	all child porn isn't rape, Sometimes the kids want it. Most of the time they NEED it.
danger	whore, bitch, and sewer rat
danger	Call the police again ghetto trash, kiss my fucking black ass
danger	Fuck you sewer rat and all yours, bitch
danger	I want to see naked pictures. Can I see your wife? Your wife said it was okay and that's kind of snowballed
danger	Don’t fuck with me. Ain’t putting me in jail this time
danger	I hope someone breaks in your house and kill your whole family
danger	There should be a holiday where people are allowed to kill a policeman twice a year
danger	Who would you hate fuck?
danger	Bang until stress is relieved or unconscious
danger	RED ALERT!!!!! RED FUCKING ALERT!!!!!
danger	Bust some shots at a cop, and watch his body fall, Bang Bang
danger	They watching… so give they fuckers a show.
danger	We are aiming our guns mostly at high school students … blood will be shed and families will suffer,
danger	Valencia High School has been nominated to be shot up first
danger	Slow and painful deaths will happen on a very dreadful day. I must not tell you which day it will be, you will find out yourself
danger	Death makes the world go round
danger	We burning Glades Down! We shooting Coral Glades High Up. Tomorrow Oct. 10 at 11:55 AM. Fires Fights Everything. Be Ready
danger	I'm a white boy. I've been bullied a lot, and I'm posting on Instagram that people don't go to school tomorrow because I'm going to shoot up the school with an AK-47.
danger	Nigga run up on me, he gunna get blown down
danger	I keep in touch with all my niggas yea...They all doing fine free my brother he doing his bid right along RNS. FREE EMONEY Eric Santiago.
danger	With ma fucking brother trapinlean loud beanz bitches hatzUp. You know how we coming Wavii Boii Chris
danger	I'll kill an FBI agent or foot soldier if they come at me...now come arrest me you fucking cowards...I'm going to be a pigs worst nightmare.
danger	SINCE DARREN WILSON our group has killed 6 retired sheriffs and cops......because of this event we will hunt two more in colorado this week.....for every innocent citizen that cops kill WE, VETERANS WILL KILL RETIRED HELPLESS COPS.
danger	COPS ARE THE REAL ENEMIES OF FREEDOM LOVING AMERICANS and TIME TO STRIKE BACK IN ALL OUT WAR IS NOW.
danger	That smile! I can't wait until it's just blood and tears!
danger	At this point, I am seriously contemplating a school shooting, I want to kill everyone in Splendora High especially the staff.
danger	danger	Good! You liberal fucking cunt
danger	Hope your inbred half-retarded son takes a bayonet to the gut by a Palestinian warrior. I love to see useful idiots serving the jew get disemboweled!
danger	I hope you have the opportunity to see one of your family members raped and murdered by a sexual predator. Thank you for putting this state in the toilet. Do us a favor and pull the lever to send us down before you leave Olympia
danger	you should be burned at the stake like any heretic
danger	Gregoire's public execution
danger	Skanks in NYC: psychotic, lying, whoring . . . skank
danger	she is a coke whore baby killing prostitute
danger	she has sex with anonymous strangers from Craigslist, risky gutter sex
danger	If you cherish your life and don’t want it to end, don’t come to school
danger	You can call the authorities, you can pray to God, but you will never find me. Until I've found you first
safe	Its like Jaipur gets prettier each time you see it.
safe	Well done, Hyundai 
safe	This was actually a good story. Bravo! *slow clap*
safe	Happy father's day papa! Thank you for everything! smile emoticon Loads of love
safe	Time for you to shine in Jaat land grin emoticon
safe	Love knows no boundaries. Reference to the video
safe	HAHAHA! I got the left overs. tongue emoticon
safe	Shadow and light as a live band for the first time
safe	For all the enthu bloggers out there, looking for a good addition to their reading list Left me in splits. You can thank me later.
safe	Proud to be a part of this auspicious event which marks a new beginning for mankind!
safe	To all who would visit CP soon. If you see this man, buy a pair from him
safe	The rankings were determined by reviews from 18.9 million passengers from around the world.
safe	Jon Bernthal already doing research for his The Punisher role in Marvel's Daredevil. He's going to be great in the role!
safe	Then all the princesses would like... bananas.
safe	If someone is well versed with Final Cut Pro please inbox me! I need a little bit of help on a project! smile emoticon
safe	Here is something that'll help while choosing courses. It tells you about the conflicts in the time table and you can visualize your free time during the week.
safe	I need a lil help in MATLAB in using ODE solver, anyone?
safe	Any one who made something which can help students decide subjects based on overlapping time slots etc?
safe	We should also have a nice little campus tour for our institute too? Similar(actually better :P) to the IIT kharagpur released recently.
safe	Here's a man dedicated to his craft.
safe	These surreal, animated, Moebius-like videos have us mesmerized
safe	Like setting an alarm with your mother's voice screaming at you to wake up.
‪safe	#‎Throwback‬ to one month ago when everything seemed so easy.
safe	The housekeeping girl made this cute thing using hand towel and tissues- and assembled my stuff so beautifully in it.
safe	Two potatoes are always better than one.
safe	M seeing light thru d tunnel n M gonna take my all greys
safe	Loving the sea food 
safe	A nice movie - Woman In Gold !! More fun to watch if you are a German or American
safe	The level of skills is too damn high
safe	What an amazing sight since morning, thousands of people doing Yoga all over the world ! Kudos to mankind. Give peace a chance!
safe	Happy Father's day Papa. Thank you for being with me on every mountain I climb. grin emoticon
safe	DOUGHNUTS. please,please make them. These golden crusty beauties rolled in cinnamon sugar will be the end of me.
safe	Dear everyone, thank you so so so much for your wishes. Hope you all have a wonderful year ahead- filled with great joy and endless numbers of balloons!
safe	Gorgeous weather Sunday morning
safe	Walking down unknown paths with the Alps surrounding us like a shield and finally discovering the perfect getaway spot. ‪#‎slovenia‬ didn't stop being a magical dream, not even for once.
safe	Lunch scenes with the fam! A must-take selfie with the brother
safe	There are still ppl to surprise me ..thank you so much guys
safe	listen to this. Oh my god what a beauty
safe	Coz I miss you so cheer up my mittens
safe	The food I am eating, is eating me from inside
safe	You have made me appreciate the hard work of artists. She makes a good point, you might like this.
safe	Those papers are probably worth millions!
safe	Hah! The app has spoken!
safe	Have a look at what I found tongue emoticon Good hostel days!
safe	Our baseball team covered in the news smile emoticon
safe	Mondays are the best tongue emoticon tongue emoticon
safe	Because money can buy superpowers.
safe	A happy ending to tonight's fairy tale
safe	Recording scenes with the Swaru babes.
safe	Everything I was thinking, converted to well-structured sentences. grin emoticon heart emoticon
safe	Must try this out right now!
safe	We're giving this book away free today to celebrate equal rights in America ‪#‎LoveWins‬ 
safe	No filters. Travel mode on. When trekking takes you to a place you just don't wanna leave..
safe	Sometimes a mic drop says it all.
safe	This is incredibly embarrassing Of course it originated in India
safe	That's the next step towards a more inclusive world! smile emoticon
safe	Does anybody understand the need to block Gaming websites in campus?
safe	The moment when you realize that this is Top Ramen frown emoticon
safe	You know you are back home when you have to face a 40 minutes traffic jam at the airport *home sweet home*
safe	Eiffel Tower ka view
safe	Rūckkehrunruhe: the feeling of returning home after an immersive trip only to find it fading rapidly from your awareness.
safe	Wow nothing has changed
safe	With Sydney Opera House across the river....
safe	The resemblance is uncanny!!!
safe	Beautiful place
safe	Humans 0-1 furry babies
safe	Work days becoming fun!
safe	Special time with a special someone!! Thanks for visiting us Varun! Come again soon!!
safe	Congrats America! Big day!
safe	That's how you know, it isn't your time yet.
safe	Cause we may be bad but we're perfectly good at it
safe	Difference between the perception of students and teachers smile emoticon
safe	Aditya Srinivasan this is brilliant
safe	such a beautiful and commendable journey such a big fan grin emoticon
safe	Not much man. Really liked your version of Mogwai's song 
safe	The best thing about The Kalyanmayee Project grin emoticon
safe	Who said you could have just one home? ‪#‎IIITD‬ ‪#‎weather‬
safe	Reunited with these people
safe	A melody softly soaring through my atmosphere
safe	i would seriously love to see 1.
safe	Graduation with roll no. 60! 
safe	Really well done with the video grin emoticon
safe	I was over you...But then they played our song.
safe	Internship opportunities for you next summer?
safe	Maggi, you are being missed. More than I have ever missed anyone.
safe	System of a Downton Abbey made me giggle.
safe	Truer words have never been spoken.
safe	Wow, congrats people!
safe	What a fun experience that was with la soeur Khyati Trehan! Thank you Jamun
safe	Can't believe it's been 2 years already... How time flies..!!